mcp-verification.md, before:

# GitMCP Setup Verification Guide

## 🎯 Quick Test

Your Budget Tracker app is now configured for GitMCP! Here's how to verify it's working:

### 1. Direct URL Test
Open this URL in your browser:
```
https://gitmcp.io/oliveroll/BudgetTrackerApp
```

You should see a GitMCP interface for your repository.

### 2. Badge Test
Check if the GitMCP badge in your README.md is working:
- The badge should show access count
- Clicking it should open the GitMCP interface

### 3. AI Assistant Test (Cursor)

After adding the MCP configuration to Cursor:

**Test Prompt:**
> "What are the main features of this Budget Tracker Android app? Focus on the OPT/visa specific features."

**Expected Response Should Include:**
- OPT/H1B visa expense tracking
- 37+ transaction categories
- Budget templates (50/30/20, Zero-based, OPT Student)
- Clean Architecture with MVVM
- Jetpack Compose UI
- Firebase integration

### 4. Documentation Accessibility Test

**Test Prompts:**
1. "How is the Transaction model structured?"
2. "What are the default financial constants for OPT students?"
3. "Explain the project architecture layers"
4. "What budget templates are available?"

## 🔧 Troubleshooting

### If GitMCP URL doesn't work:
1. Ensure your repository is public on GitHub
2. Verify the repository name is correct: `oliveroll/BudgetTrackerApp`
3. Wait a few minutes for GitMCP to index your repository

### If Cursor MCP isn't working:
1. Check that your settings.json syntax is correct
2. Restart Cursor after adding MCP configuration
3. Ensure you have an internet connection
4. Try the generic endpoint first: `https://gitmcp.io/docs`

### If documentation seems incomplete:
1. Push your latest changes to GitHub (especially llms.txt and README.md)
2. Wait for GitMCP to re-index (can take a few minutes)
3. Clear any caches

## 📁 Files Created for MCP

1. **`llms.txt`** - Primary AI documentation (GitMCP's preferred format)
2. **`README.md`** - Enhanced with GitMCP badge and comprehensive info
3. **`.mcp-config.json`** - Local MCP configuration
4. **`cursor-mcp-setup.md`** - Cursor-specific setup instructions

## 🚀 Next Steps

1. **Push to GitHub**:
   ```bash
   git add .
   git commit -m "Add GitMCP integration with comprehensive documentation"
   git push origin main
   ```

2. **Configure Your IDE**:
   - Add MCP configuration to Cursor settings
   - Test with the verification prompts above

3. **Start Using**:
   - Ask your AI assistant detailed questions about your codebase
   - Get contextual help with Android development
   - Receive accurate information about your specific architecture

## 🎉 Success Indicators

✅ **Working correctly when:**
- GitMCP URL loads without errors
- Badge shows access count
- AI responses reference your specific project details
- Responses mention OPT/visa features, Clean Architecture, Jetpack Compose
- Code examples match your actual domain models

❌ **Not working if:**
- AI gives generic budget app responses
- No mention of OPT/visa specific features
- Incorrect architecture details
- Generic Kotlin/Android advice

Your Budget Tracker app is now ready for enhanced AI assistance through GitMCP!

Commit message:

Fix GitMCP Cursor configuration to match official documentation
- Update .mcp-config.json with correct 'url' format instead of 'command'
- Fix cursor-mcp-setup.md to use ~/.cursor/mcp.json file path
- Update mcp-verification.md with correct troubleshooting steps
- Add setup-cursor-mcp.sh script for automated configuration
- All configurations now match official GitMCP documentation format

mcp-verification.md, after:

# GitMCP Setup Verification Guide

## 🎯 Quick Test

Your Budget Tracker app is now configured for GitMCP! Here's how to verify it's working:

### 1. Direct URL Test
Open this URL in your browser:
```
https://gitmcp.io/oliveroll/BudgetTrackerApp
```

You should see a GitMCP interface for your repository.

### 2. Badge Test
Check if the GitMCP badge in your README.md is working:
- The badge should show access count
- Clicking it should open the GitMCP interface

### 3. AI Assistant Test (Cursor)

After adding the MCP configuration to Cursor:

**Test Prompt:**
> "What are the main features of this Budget Tracker Android app? Focus on the OPT/visa specific features."

**Expected Response Should Include:**
- OPT/H1B visa expense tracking
- 37+ transaction categories
- Budget templates (50/30/20, Zero-based, OPT Student)
- Clean Architecture with MVVM
- Jetpack Compose UI
- Firebase integration

### 4. Documentation Accessibility Test

**Test Prompts:**
1. "How is the Transaction model structured?"
2. "What are the default financial constants for OPT students?"
3. "Explain the project architecture layers"
4. "What budget templates are available?"

## 🔧 Troubleshooting

### If GitMCP URL doesn't work:
1. Ensure your repository is public on GitHub
2. Verify the repository name is correct: `oliveroll/BudgetTrackerApp`
3. Wait a few minutes for GitMCP to index your repository

### If Cursor MCP isn't working:
1. Check that your ~/.cursor/mcp.json file exists and has correct syntax
2. Restart Cursor after adding MCP configuration
3. Ensure you have an internet connection
4. Try the generic endpoint first: `https://gitmcp.io/docs`
5. Check Cursor's MCP logs in the output panel

### If documentation seems incomplete:
1. Push your latest changes to GitHub (especially llms.txt and README.md)
2. Wait for GitMCP to re-index (can take a few minutes)
3. Clear any caches

## 📁 Files Created for MCP

1. **`llms.txt`** - Primary AI documentation (GitMCP's preferred format)
2. **`README.md`** - Enhanced with GitMCP badge and comprehensive info
3. **`.mcp-config.json`** - Local MCP configuration
4. **`cursor-mcp-setup.md`** - Cursor-specific setup instructions

## 🚀 Next Steps

1. **Push to GitHub**:
   ```bash
   git add .
   git commit -m "Add GitMCP integration with comprehensive documentation"
   git push origin main
   ```

2. **Configure Your IDE**:
   - Create/edit `~/.cursor/mcp.json` with GitMCP configuration
   - Restart Cursor
   - Test with the verification prompts above

3. **Start Using**:
   - Ask your AI assistant detailed questions about your codebase
   - Get contextual help with Android development
   - Receive accurate information about your specific architecture

## 🎉 Success Indicators

✅ **Working correctly when:**
- GitMCP URL loads without errors
- Badge shows access count
- AI responses reference your specific project details
- Responses mention OPT/visa features, Clean Architecture, Jetpack Compose
- Code examples match your actual domain models

❌ **Not working if:**
- AI gives generic budget app responses
- No mention of OPT/visa specific features
- Incorrect architecture details
- Generic Kotlin/Android advice

Your Budget Tracker app is now ready for enhanced AI assistance through GitMCP!
